RapidIO operations are based on request and response transactions.

     Packets are the basic communication unit between endpoint devices 
in the system. Initiating device or master device A request transaction 
is generated and the transaction is sent to the target device. Target device
Generate a response transaction and return to the initiating device to 
complete the operation. RapidIO The transaction is encapsulated in a package, 
and the package contains to ensure that the transaction is reliably delivered to the target endpoint
All required bit fields of the. Usually RapidIO endpoints are not directly connected to each other
Together, but through the intervening exchange structure (fabric) connection. The noun "exchange
"Structure" refers to a collection of single or multiple switching devices that provide system interconnection.

     Control symbols are used to manage the transaction flow of the 
RapdIO physical layer interconnection, and are also used for packet 
confirmation.Recognition, flow control information and maintenance 
functions. The figure below shows how to use RapidIO Transfer 
transactions in the system.

In the above figure, the initiator in the system (Initiator) starts an 
operation by generating a request transaction (Request). The request 
packet is transmitted to the fabric device (Fabric), which is usually 
a switch. The fabric device sends a control symbol to confirm receipt 
of the request packet, and then the switch fabric forwards the packet 
to the target device (Target), which completes this time. The request 
process of the operation. The target device (Target) completes the required 
operation and generates a response transaction (Response). The response 
packet carrying the transaction is transmitted back to the initiator through 
the switching fabric (Fabric). The control symbol is used to confirm each hop 
during transmission. Once the response packet reaches the Initiator and is 
confirmed, it can be considered that the operation has been completed.
